Touch“360 Degrees of Design” It’s possible that I may have touched a very famous painting while at a museum in Amsterdam.  The thick imposto was so tangible that before I knew it my finger was reaching out for it.  Shamefully, I do not regret it.  For this reason I am enamored by this chest of drawers, fittingly called Touch, as the curvature is so tangible.  This piece was found in Portugal and reflects the beautiful workmanship they are known for.  Sometimes it takes an inspiring object, like this chest of drawers, to encourage a new way of using a piece of furniture.  Instead of shoving your furniture against a wall as if it’s being held hostage, a piece like this that is interesting from all sides can evoke a refreshing use of space.  Touch away.  #chestofdrawers #bedroomArrow Table“Rustic and Rich”It’s so interesting to walk into someone’s home for the first time because you feel like you like you feel like you immediately get to know them better: see what their style is like, see what is important enough to hang on their wall or display as focal points, or see what they keep in their medicine cabinets (ha!). As you make your way to their kitchen…SURPRISE!  It’s a fruit bowl on their dining table.  I’m not sure why people tend to buy non-descript tables and “spruce” them up by putting an even less interesting fruit bowl on top.  A table like this, that is so thoughtfully constructed with dovetails and inlays and wood that is so beautiful on it’s own, says a lot about the person who owns it.  How great would it be to sit around this table with friends and family and good food!  It makes those moments even more special.  No fruit bowls necessary.  #table #diningtableHanging Night Tables“Room to Breathe”Turtlenecks are the worst.  So are spaces that have no room to breathe.  New Yorkers are especially aware of how valuable living space:  utilizing every inch of space, finding functional furniture that will not only make it up seven flights of stairs but will fit in their small apartments.  It’s easy to squeeze out all the room to breathe, just like squeezing your head through a suffocating turtleneck.  These hanging night tables are brilliant!  You have the function of a bedside table without a bulky piece of furniture taking up your precious floor space.  #Nightstand #endtable #bedroomMarx Console “Black and Gold and Chic Allover”Fashion and interior design have some parallels.  That said, if you wear your Uggs with a Juicy suit (and you probably have one in every color) this post is most likely not your style.  I love some edge.  If my fashion sense were a piece of furniture…this would be it.  Black…love.  Gold…love.  Hardware…love.  This console is so sleek and simple and the details are subtle but strong.      Curve“Bold and Beautiful”Meet Ridin’ Rudy.  I regularly run into this neighborhood staple when I walk down 24th street to Madison Square Park.  Every time I see him on his pink bike he has a new elaborate ensemble in his signature color, decked out from head to toe.  Great things about Rudy:  he is bold, memorable, and lives to make a statement.  When designing a home I think it is generally a good idea to leave the “pink threw up all over my room” look for the six-year-old girls; however, I do think it is essential to be bold in some of your choices.   I look at this chair and I think…whoever owns that is confident and has some personality!  It is so exciting to see something a little unexpected.  Be bold. Be memorable. 